https://www.facebook.com/laniamwebsolutions?ref=br_tf
https://twitter.com/laniamwebs




Banao Khao
Today’s world has become internet-savvy. Be it a new fashion style or cooking a new recipe or following diet patterns, all is available on Internet. Our target audience for “Banao Khao” is any food loving individual who would like to know different recipes. We provide the recipes of global cuisines, from traditional Indian cuisine to Mexican, Lebanese, Chinese and Italian cuisines. 
A variety of recipes available at one place, “Banao Khao”. It not only provides quick time recipes but also a flavour of multi-cuisine. 
If anyone is interested to create his/her own portal of recipes like this, please contact support@laniam.com.
jQGeeks
Web is evolving from a specific solution to a general purpose need. Internet users have become so much habituated with User Interface (UI) that their expectations have increased from using functionality to having a nice look-n-feel of performing the UI functionality. 
Our geeks have found solution for them too. To meet high usability standards, we provide jQuery based lighter widgets and tools to UI developers. Cross-browser compatibility and Web on smartphones have become necessities of internet users. We provide these solutions as well. We have capability to resolve any complex issue of UI by providing on-demand UI controls.
If you are a UI developer and you need and jQuery solution, please contact support@laniam.com.
FilmyQ
There is a class of people who include cinemagoers, entertainment lovers, film industry contributors or critics who are internet-savvy. They provide their film reviews by giving rating, search for information about upcoming films, insight reports, and may more. 
We are here to offer you, “FilmyQ”, a portal that is a movie-focused social media site. You demand any film industry related information and you find it here. From movies, TV, showtimes booking to latest movie trends or celebs, news or box office charts or trends, you get all at one place.
If you are FilmyQ audiene, please visit www.fimyq.com 
